this is a little different episode of
the American car prospector because
we're not out on the road all we're
really doing is here at this one ranch
and we're just taking a look at this
kind of thing where you just can't find
it anymore you know these all these old
junkyards and stuff got cleaned up back
in the 8th 1980s and 1990s and they're
all gone this one's on private property
and it's never been cleaned and that's
why we have the opportunity to go
through and do this
this old ditch line here is where a lot
of these cars have been sitting in here
along this line of trees here so I'm
just gonna keep moving down here and
let's let's find out what else we got in
here I'm willing to bet there's some
Fords and Chevys that's the rear fin of
us about a 61 or 62 Ford it looks like
okay yeah this is a Ford station wagon
about a 60 maybe a 61 but I'd like to
come down here with the plasma cutter
and I'd like to save this bumper and cut
that fender out in this fender script
the Bel Air's grip on this side the gas
cap door the trunk lid I think there's
an art project in there somewhere
I wonder if Annie feel maybe you'd like
to work with me on that I've got a an
artist that works a lot at the Burning
Man that would probably like to do
something with this I'll make that into
art you know I mean that's really cool
you can see it used to say Bel Air
that's a really cool spot right there
really really difficult to find this
kind of thing in today's world because
all these old junkyards got teamed
decades ago that - house should be
recycled into a into a rat rod or or
something I'll cut those bullet holes
out and I'll man I'm on a little luck
like a - a - plaque or a desk stand
one by one we're gonna pull them out
scrap them down get the trim the - cows
the door handles and trunk lids all that
stuff set it aside and then shred them
and get them out of here so that they're
not contaminating this beautiful spot
here along the Platte River
you